# 能讓台灣變更好的一件事
#英文 #作文 

*What would I like to change for the better in Taiwan?*

- Intro
	- Hello
	- I'm 謝育声
	- As students, most people thought we cannot have an impact on the society. However, time don't wait. If we do not act soon, there will not be any chance to transform Taiwan.
- Problem description
	- Some may think poverty is a thing in the past, but this isn't true. In Taiwan's rural areas, such as the east, there are still lots of children struggling with schoolwork and money.
- Solution
	- Try to support communities which help poor children relief their pressure. 
- What I can do 
	- Volunteer for fundraising, hosting, and helping events
- Conclusion
	- Many places in Taiwan still have intense poverty concerns. What we can do to ensure their 生存 and happiness is to take actual and practical action. Empty talk won't help anyone.



As students, most people thought we cannot have an impact on the society. However, time don't wait. If we do not act soon, there will not be any chances to transform Taiwan. Some may think poverty is a thing in the past, but this isn't true. In Taiwan's rural areas, such as the east and outlying islands, there are still lots of children struggling with schoolwork and financial issues. Their future is constrained by environments cannot be easily overturned. To support them, we can try to help communities which help poor children relief their pressure in life. Actions such as volunteering, fundraising, and actual work all help their life become easier. What I can do is to lead our class's service learning program, which cooperates with an organization called "5way house" that supports poor or parent-absent children in Souf Hualien. Despite our lives have been mostly satisfying, many children in Taiwan still have intense poverty concerns. What we can all do to ensure their livelihood and happiness is taking actual and practical action towards their well-being. Empty talk never helped anyone!


#### 202111141125

